### 2023.06.02 { id="2023.06.02" }
### General Fixes
- Added GCS connector with Keyfile support:
    - The GCS connector now supports Keyfile authentication, allowing users to securely connect to Google Cloud Storage.

- Improved BigQuery connector by removing unnecessary inputs:
    - Enhancements have been made to the BigQuery connector by streamlining the inputs, eliminating any unnecessary fields or options.
    - This results in a more user-friendly and efficient experience.

- Renamed satisfiesEquation to satisfiesExpression:
    - The function "satisfiesEquation" has been renamed to "satisfiesExpression" to better reflect its functionality.
    - This change makes it easier for users to understand and use the function.

### Added Support
- Added Check Description to Notification rule messages:
    - Notification rule messages now include the Check Description.
    - This allows users to add additional context and information about the specific rule triggering the notification and passing that information to downstream workflows.
  
- Added API support for tuning operations with a high correlation threshold for profiles and high count rollup threshold for anomalies in scan:
    - The API now supports tuning operations by allowing users to set a higher correlation threshold for profiles.
    - It also enables users to set a higher count rollup threshold for anomalies in scan.
    - This customization capability helps users fine-tune the behavior of the system according to their specific needs and preferences.
### 2023.05.26 { id="2023.05.26" }
#### Usability
- Improved the navigation in the Activity tab’s side panel for easier and more intuitive browsing including exposing the ability to comment directly into an anomaly
- Added a redirect to the Activity tab when an operation is initiated for a smoother workflow.

#### Bug Fixes
- Resolved an issue where the date and time were not displaying correctly for the highest value in profiles.
- Fixed a problem with scheduled operations when the configured timing was corrupted.
- Addressed an issue where filtered checks were causing unexpected errors outside of the intended dataset.

### 2023.05.23 { id="2023.05.23" }
#### Feature Enhancements
- Scheduled operation editing
    - Added the ability for users to edit a scheduled operation. This allows users to make changes to the schedule of an operation.
- Catalog include filters
    - Added catalog include filters to only process tables, views, or both in JDBC datastores. This allows users to control which object types are processed in the datastore.
- isReplicaOf check filters
    - Added filter support to the isReplicaOf check. This allows users to control which tables are checked for replication.
- Side panel updates
    - Updated side panel design and added an enrichment redirect option.
#### Added Support
- IBM DB2 datastore
    - Added support for the IBM DB2 datastore. This allows users to connect to and process data from IBM DB2 databases.
- API support for tagging fields
    - Added API support for tagging fields. This allows users to tag fields in the datastore with custom metadata.
#### Bug Fixes
- Freshness attempting to measure views
    - Fixed an issue with freshness attempting to measure views.
- Enrichment to Redshift and string data types
    - Fixed an issue with enrichment to Redshift and string data types. This issue caused enrichment to fail for tables that contained string data types

### 2023.05.10 { id="2023.05.10" }
#### Container Settings
- Introducing the ability to Group fields for improved insights and profiling precision.
- Added functionality to Exclude fields from the container, allowing associated checks to be ignored during operations, leading to reduced processing time and power consumption.
- We now support identifiers on commuted tables during profiling operations.

#### Checks
- Improved usability by enabling quick cloning of checks within the same datastore.
    - Users can now easily create a new check with minor edits to tables, fields, descriptions, and tags based on an existing check.
- Introducing the ability to write Check Descriptions to the Enrichment store, enabling better organization and management of check-related data downstream. 
    - *Note: Updating the Enrichment store data requires a new Scan operation.*
- Enhanced anomaly management by providing a convenient way to filter and view all anomalies generated by a specific check.
    - Users can now access the Anomaly warning sign icon within the Check dialog, providing quick access to two options: View Anomalies and Archive Anomalies.

#### Usability
- Introducing the ability to generate an API token from within the user interface.
    - This can be done through the Settings > Security section, providing a convenient way to manage API authentication.
- Added the ability to search tables/files and apply filters to running operations.
    - This feature eliminates the need to rely solely on pagination, making it easier to select specific tables/files for operations.
- Included API and SparkSQL links in the documentation for easy access to additional resources and reference materials.

#### Added Support
- Hive datastore support has been added, allowing seamless integration with Hive data sources.
- Timescale datastore support has been added, enabling efficient handling of time-series data.
- Added support for HTTP(S) and SOCKS5 proxies, allowing users to configure proxy settings for data operations.
- Default encryption for rabbitMQ has been implemented, enhancing security for data transmission.

#### Bug Fixes
- Resolved a bug related to updating tag names, ensuring that tag name changes are properly applied.
- Fixed an overflow bug in freshness measurements for data size, resulting in accurate measurements and improved reliability.

#### General Fixes
- Updated default weighting for shape anomalies, enhancing the accuracy of anomaly detection and analysis.
- Increased datastore connection timeouts, improving stability and resilience when connecting to data sources.
- Implemented general bug fixes and made various improvements to enhance overall performance and user experience.


### 2023.04.19 { id="2023.04.19" }

We're pleased to announce the latest update that includes enhancements to UI for an overall better experience:

- Redesigned Checks and Anomalies listing:
    - Enjoy a cleaner, more organized layout with more information that makes navigating and managing checks and anomalies even easier.

- Redesigned Anomaly Details view:
    - The updated anomaly view provides a more thoughtful and organized layout.
- Improved Filter components:
    - With a streamlined layout and organized categories, filtering your data is now more intuitive. Dropdown options are now to the right to allow view of the Clear and Apply buttons
- Updated Importance score to Weight & added SortBy support:
    - Manage checks and anomalies more effectively with our updated ‘Weight' feature (formerly ‘Importance Score') and the new SortBy support function, allowing you to quickly identify high-priority issues.
- Added Volumetric measurements to Freshness Dashboard:
    - Gain valuable insights into your data's scale and storage requirements with our new volumetric measurements. SortBy Row Count or Data Size to make informed decisions about your data resources.
- Added isReplicaOf check:
    - The new isReplicaOf check allows you to easily compare data between two different tables or fields, helping you identify and resolve data inconsistencies across your datastores.
- General fixes and performance improvements

#### Checks Listing Page

<iframe width="760" height="415" src="https://www.loom.com/embed/22b561a7d4764e9d9876ba7515084c10" title="Checks Listing Page" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

#### Anomalies Listing Page & Dialog

<iframe width="760" height="415" src="https://www.loom.com/embed/6e975e5297bb4daa95ed4a1b52fd8648" title="Anomalies Listing Page & Dialog" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### 2023.04.07 { id="2023.04.07" }

- We've just deployed an MVP version of the Freshness Dashboard! This feature lets you create, manage, and monitor all of the SLAs for each of your datastores and their child files/tables/containers, all in one place. It's like having a birds-eye view of how your datastores are doing in relation to their freshness.
    - To access the Freshness Dashboard, just locate and click on the clock icon in the top navigation between Insights and Anomalies. By default, you'll see a rollup of all the datastores in a list view with their child files/tables/containers collapsed. Simply click on a datastore row to expand the list.
- We've also made some improvements to the UI, including more sorting and filtering options in Datastores, Files/Tables, Checks, and Anomalies. Plus, we've added the ability to search the description field in checks, making it easier to find what you're looking for.
- And last but not least, we've added a cool new feature to checks - the ability to archive ALL anomalies generated by a check. Simply click on the anomaly warning icon at the top of the check details box to bring up the archive anomalies dialog box.
